Add scopes - batch 1 for Entra PowerShell cmdlets (#895)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-v1.0/Microsoft.Graph.Entra/Set-EntraDirSyncFeature.md

```

### CommonParameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: `-Debug`, `-ErrorAction`, `-ErrorVariable`, `-InformationAction`, `-InformationVariable`, `-OutVariable`, `-OutBuffer`, `-PipelineVariable`, `-Verbose`, `-WarningAction`, and `-WarningVariable`. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## Inputs

## Outputs

## Notes

> - See additional details - <https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/api/onpremisesdirectorysynchronization-update>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For additional details see [Update onPremisesDirectorySynchronization](/graph/api/onpremisesdirectorysynchronization-update).
```

> - See feature list - <https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/api/resources/onpremisesdirectorysynchronizationfeature>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the feature list see the [onPremisesDirectorySynchronizationFeature resource type](/graph/api/resources/onpremisesdirectorysynchronizationfeature).
```
